`azurerm_servicebus_namespace` - support for the `premium_messaging_partitions` property (#24676)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/servicebus_namespace.html.markdown

* `capacity` - (Optional) Specifies the capacity. When `sku` is `Premium`, capacity can be `1`, `2`, `4`, `8` or `16`. When `sku` is `Basic` or `Standard`, capacity can be `0` only.

> * `premium_messaging_partitions` - (Optional) Specifies the messaging partitions. When `sku` is `Premium`, messaging partitions can be `1`, `2`, `4`. When `sku` is `Basic` or `Standard`, messaging partitions can be `0` only. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `premium_messaging_partitions` - (Optional) Specifies the number of Premium Messaging Partitions. Only valid when `sku` is `Premium`. Possible values include `0`, `1`, `2`, and `4`. Defaults to `0`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```
